I think most of us start out working in the field where we would like
to think that we're gonna have an opportunity to improve yourselves
and it grows human beings and that's a major call all of us. The military
really does give you that opportunity and it sets out early on
you know the day you enlist they give you and enlistment or a commission
you know who the top dogs. They wear a different uniform they
have different rank they get paid a different amount of money and you
know that if you're gonna do the kinds of things you want to do you've
got to get to all those senior ranks so I think I think in the
opportunity to grow in those fields almost built into the military people
know about it they're able to mentor you about it help and they
are able to help you do tha. Civilian life especially academia's not
quite so clear cut and it's not so often people will say well if
you do this you can do that. For instance, if you go to work for a tenured
professor on campus as a secretary the chance that you could
ever become a tenured professor is next to zero you know it requires
preparation and training you will never had and you can never really
get there so the opportunities to grow vary depending on who your
bosses and a lot of that's personality driven more than organizationally
and I would say there's been a number of bosses I've had academia
who really want to see me grow and then there's been a number of
bosses who were just well you can if you want to go, but I am not going
to go out of my way to make it happen.